well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so we got to talk about
congressperson hell because some photos
surfaced scandalous salacious even we
have to talk about it's very pressing
it's a very important matter for our
country to be discussing right now I'll
go through the list of what's in the
photos and I'll pause to give you all
time to gasp in the appropriate
locations so unbelievably these photos
appear to show adults engaged in
consensual activity they also appear to
show congressperson Hill using a
substance that at the time might have
been illegal maybe depending on the
circumstances but that substance was in
such widespread use that now it's not
illegal she also has a tattoo in these
photos that might possibly have been at
one time an Iron Cross and that's a
symbol in case you don't know that's
used by bikers and skaters and other
unsavory sorts and the US military and a
whole lot of people normally when it is
used by the unsavory types it's mixed in
with other symbols it's not just an Iron
Cross
Oh gasp sorry oh then there's this other
thing did you know that miss Hill is the
first bisexual representative from
California in that these photos appear
to show her engaged in activity that
she's admitted to okay now there is the
ethical question about dating an
employee it's not smart it's not illegal
but it's not smart there should probably
be a conversation about that it's one of
those things a lot of people do it I did
it when I was younger it was stupid then
it's stupid now um but let's move on to
the real point why are we even seeing
these photos
let me other than revenge what's the
only reason these photos are being
circulated because she's a pretty woman
do you think if it was Mitch McConnell
in these poses we'd be seeing these
photos no of course not
sorry for that image for those of the
visualize that nobody want to look at it
nobody should really want to look at
these either see women are still held to
this false idea this standard that they
need to remain pure and that they need
to behave in a certain way
doesn't make sense there are not many
men who would look at that situation and
think man I'd never want to do that but
they're going to condemn the women that
do none of this is any of our business
none of it is any of our business what
they do what people do in the privacy of
their home own homes or hotels doesn't
matter nobody's being harmed by any of
these actions but I do see why it's a
pressing issue for the country this is
far more important than the president's
lawyers arguing in court that he has the
legal right to murder people in the
street this country has its priorities
next stop anyway it's just a fault I
have a good night